# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the Property class?

console.rb using Property.new

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby Property object into the database?

In property.rb, in the property class, in save method.

Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?

(line 4) Property.delete_all()
(line 13) property1.save()
(line 22) property1.save()
(line 31) property1.save()
(line 33) property1.delete()

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a Property object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

It will be given one when it is saved into the database.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the property id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby object?

In property.rb, in the property class, in initialize in @id (line 9)

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an ‘if’ clause) on the @id attribute in the constructor?

Because it might not have one yet, but if it does it will set it to @id.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others, class methods?

Instance methods can only be called on one instance at a time, but a class method can be called on all instances of that type of class at once.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by db.exec() and db.exec_prepared(), and how do we index into it to pull out a desired attribute?

An array. Using the array index or by mapping it to a new hash.

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

It makes it faster and more efficient. Can use functions instead of writing out sql 100 times.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the Property class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

An instance variable.

Q11. What are their return values?

An instance of a class.
